Saturday night has arrived, and Saturday night belongs to Snig.
For New York One, Carol Ann Riddell.
In television, New York One is the only station that has a full-time education reporter.
Because I think until now, people didn't take education as seriously
because it wasn't a glamorous topic for television.
Now, when the chancellor gets fired, you've got all the big reporters from town
parachuting into the scene to cover that,
but they're not there for the school board elections
and they're not there when somebody's rights are being violated and selecting a principal.
New York One, because there's only one New York.
I wish that I can go to Jason's and get anything I wanted.
Adam, your wish is my command.
Wow! This is the coolest thing that ever happened to me.
I can have some party with these things.
Look at all these toys. Wow!
Adam.
Yes, Jeannie.
Jeannie, now it's me.
Dad.
I've decided to take you to Jason's.
Jason's Toy Store has over 40 years' experience of making kids' dreams come true.
For toys, video games and so much more, come to Jason's
because we may be a toy store, but we don't play around.
Now, when you turn on your TV, you can turn on your imagination.
With video painter, what you draw is what you see, right on your TV.
And there are all kinds of pictures that appear at the push of a button.
There's even animation.
It doesn't turn out picture copies.
It turns your TV into a masterpiece.
Video painter from VTech.
Turn your TV into a work of art.
He's been dead for 100 million years.
But then, Tyrannosaurus rocks.
You take turns putting on his bones.
But be careful.
One false move brings him to life and puts you out of the game.
Tyrannosaurus rocks the game that's so scary.
He's been dead for 100 million years.
But then, Tyrannosaurus rocks.
You take turns putting on his bones.
The game that's so scary.
It's fun.
Can't get never that golden crisp.
Sugar Bear's after my golden crisp cereal.
He'll never find me in the kitchener.
Gotta have it, O honorable Granny.
Never!
Great wall, but nothing comes between my tummy
and the honey sweet crunch of golden crisp.
Each part of a complete breakfast.
Ho, ho, ho.
Got something free to hang on your tree.
Wow.
Sugar Bear Holiday Ornament.
Cool.
Free in every specially marked box of golden crisp.
Putty.
Did anything stop the animal?
The animal.
It's a big powerful four by four.
But when the going gets tough, it bears its claws.
To climb over anything that gets in its way.
Did anything stop the animal?
The animal.
He sold separately.
Batteries not included.
Just another 13,000 of these.
And I could trade them in for something I actually want.
As the illustrious Ward Smith Samuel Johnson once said,
Or was it the guy in the white suit on Fantasy Island?
Life is a progress from want to want.
Personally, I think this whole idea of wanting stuff
can be categorized into your four basic want groups.
Okay.
Number one.
Wanting something you know you'll never get.
And the brand new car goes to lucky winning ticket number 5281990.
Basic want number two.
Wanting something you only think you want.
Until you get it.
Like the time I just had to have one of those twisty curls.
Insert hair section A.
Your loop B.
Pull and press it.
Next basic want number three.
Wanting something you never ever ever thought you'd want.
Voila.
Especialatie de l'Homerson Escargot du Dali.
Escargot?
Yeah.
Like the time dad took a French cooking class
and made us all eat his final exam.
Mmm.
Finally we come to that rarest basic want group of all.
Wanting something you've always wanted.
And actually getting it.
Well today I'm getting a taste of basic want group number four.
And I didn't even have to save zero box tops for it.
Because I've just landed my dream job.
Clarissa Darling.
Editor in chief.
Watch out everybody.
The school newspaper is in my hands.
Now here is something we can use.
An espresso maker for the car?
Yeah.
Plugs right into the cigarette lighter.
That way you never have to worry about falling asleep at the wheel again.
I don't think so Marshall.
Okay.
Whoa whoa whoa look at this.
Look at this.
An inflatable waterproof chest set.
It's for the pool.
Yeah.
We don't have a pool.
I could use it in the bathtub.
You always take showers.
Oh right right.
Oh Clarissa congratulations.
Yeah sport this is really exciting.
Thanks I know but how do you know I was just going to tell you.
News travels fast.
Your journalism advisor called.
Mr. McGuffey.
He said that you're the youngest editor of the school paper ever.
That is quite an honor.
You know when I was in high school I edited a paper myself.
I don't remember that.
Oh yeah.
Kind of an underground thing called dig this.
My buddy Eric and I we thought it uproaded edited ourselves.
Just never got around to typing it.
Very underground.
The Thomas Tupper Times is definitely above ground.
I want to make the next issue the best ever.
You know I'd be happy to help you with the design elements.
I see a whole new look for you sport.
More color.
A slicker logo.
I think I'll go work up a few ideas.
Dad you really don't have to do that.
No no don't be silly I'd love to be of help.
Just think you know watching you following in the footsteps of.
Johann Gutenberg and Ben Franklin and Rupert Murdoch.
He can get carried away.
Let me know if I can do anything.
Thanks mom.
Hiya chief.
Chief.
I need to talk about my next assignment chief.
I'm going to need a lot more space for this one.
Oh let's say about ten thousand words.
And I think at this point a portrait above my byline would be appropriate.
You mean a warning label.
I'm going to help you put this paper on the map.
Look Ferguson I know you've been reviewing movies for the paper.
I prefer to think of them as films.
And I don't review by critique.
Okay okay I hate to admit it but your writing is pretty good.
Pretty good.
It's pre politzer.
Yeah very pre politzer.
Well lucky for you all not hiring on the basis of personality.
Just don't bug me.
Speaking of bugs I plan to give complete coverage of an important cultural event.
Giant insects and mutant chillers.
A retrospective of the films of Turner B Gerhard.
Who?
Only the king of catastrophe carnage and cleavage.
Plus I'll get press passes to all my favorite flicks.
I guess bad movies do have their appeal.
Okay it sounds amusing but you're not getting any more space than usual.
The Washington Post and the New York Times, the Hack and Sack Herald.
You know what would be great?
Ink that doesn't come off on your hands.
I mean great paper should leave their mark.
This is ridiculous.
In the meantime I guess these will do.
Well so much for research.
Now I just have to get through this slush pile.
All these submissions suddenly everyone I know is a writer.
Hi Sam.
Hey Clarissa.
Working on the paper?
Yeah I've been looking for ideas.
So what'd you think of mine?
You submitted an idea.
Yeah you're gonna love it.
Tell it to me Sam.
Music reviews.
What's so new about music reviews?
Alternative music music reviews.
Alternative music is a way to make the paper cutting edge.
I like it.
Thanks Sam I'll put it on my list.
Wait that's not the whole idea.
Well what's the rest?
Me.
You?
I'll write the reviews.
You will?
I love those groups.
I feel that sound.
I know you have a great ear Sam but I didn't know you really wanted to write.
I don't but I could.
With you as my editor it'll be fun.
Sam it might not be fun it might be hard work.
Clarissa my dad's a sports writer remember?
Journalism is in my blood.
Well you know I'm gonna have to be totally objective on everyone's work.
Absolutely.
And you can't get extensions on deadlines like in Mrs. Stilwappel's class.
Of course not a true journalist thrives on deadlines.
Well then okay we'll give it a shot.
Excellent.
Oh and would you mind putting my byline in four inch caps?
Sam.
Just kidding.
It's starting to seem like being a responsible journalist means being responsible for finding work for everyone I know.
Hi Clarissa.
Hi dad.
Do you have a rough day at the office for?
If you mean rough as in grueling, annoying, absolutely exhausting.
Yes.
Well you're the boss.
Yeah well being the boss isn't all it's cracked up to be.
Well Clarissa you're just gonna have to get tough that's all.
I mean people respect a boss who's decisive, who's demanding.
You know who's willing to lay down the law.
You know that I do.
But you don't have a boss.
Of course I do.
Me.
You know if I'm not hard on myself who will be?
Oh Marshall you told me to tell you to get back to work at quarter past so get back to work.
Alright thanks.
A boss has to be tough and demanding.
Well as long as she's also open minded and willing to listen.
That sounds good.
It's just weird to have to say no to people I know.
Of course saying no to some people is easy.
Clarissa?
No.
I haven't even asked yet.
You've been asking all day all night all over the place and the answer is still no.
No to your own private editorial page.
No to your own private office.
No to a self interview with hot young film critic Ferguson W. Darling.
Of course you're getting the assist.
No just you.
Actually I had in mind an interview with one of these cinema's greatest greats.
I happened to have an in with a film legend.
Really? Scorsese, Spielberg, Fellini?
Even better.
I managed to get access to Turner B. Gerhard and let me tell you the man has a lot to say about mutant cheerleaders and giant insects.
Since when did the cast splatter become a film legend?
Since I, Ferguson W. Darling, film aficionado extraordinaire decided to make him one.
I promise you chief my piece will be groundbreaking.
Yeah well I'm gonna break something else if you don't stop calling me chief.
I'll get it.
Uh pizza for Clarissa Darling?
Sorry I didn't order a pizza.
Congratulations to our neighborhood school's newest editor-in-chief.
If you haven't tried Pat's pizza you're in for a feast.
So go ahead and give this free pizza a chew.
There's more from where that came from once you give us a review.
Give me a break.
Tell Pat I don't accept free food.
But he's welcome to buy an ad.
Wait thanks anyway.
I know temptation is the root of bad bosses but do they have to throw pizza with extra cheese and pepperoni into the equation?
Those tough decisions keep getting tougher.
Okay I've read through Sam's review once, twice, three times you're out and it's really well not good.
I mean it's not just the bad grammar, the incorrect punctuation, the awkward syntax.
I mean I guess I could correct all that but it's riddled with cliches as the cliche goes.
Now here's a music review by one Leonard K. Adenoid.
It's clear, it's sharp, and Lenny's the biggest not to mention most boring jerk around.
I guess some people talk better than they write and some people write better than they talk.
So I've got to figure out a way to talk to Sam.
I mean what am I supposed to do?
Buy her my best friend?
Yeah I'm high.
Hi Clarissa.
So?
Buttons.
So what do you think?
Think?
Of my review.
I really tried to capture the sound of the smashing pumpkins.
Oh yeah I can tell.
I want the reader to hear the music through my words.
X-R-N-M-M-N-A-H.
Is that a rumor?
Cool huh?
I think that word really gives you a feel for the lyrics and the guitar rest.
Must have been rough on your computer spell check.
So what do you think about the lead?
The sound of silence cannot compare to the sound of the smashing pumpkins.
Which is anything but silent.
In fact it's not silent at all.
It's loud and I turned it way up to bring this review to you fellow listeners or in this case readers.
Does it grab you?
Definitely grabs something.
Thanks Clarissa.
I know I wouldn't let you down.
I'm going to go tell my dad he's not the only news man in the family.
I'm really glad you like it.
Did I say like? I don't think I said like.
You mean you don't like it?
Well...
Well what?
It's... well it's...
You think it stinks.
I wouldn't say stinks exactly.
Well you might as well have.
Well we'll have to work on it Sam.
Thanks a lot.
I poured my heart and soul into that review.
Maybe it's not perfect.
Maybe I made up a few words.
Miss spelled a few.
Who said I was a great speller?
A complete sentences poor syntax.
Okay okay let's just forget it.
Well Sam I thought we could work on it.
Great.
The quickest way to lose your friends is to become their editor.
And it started off so well.
A cub reporter soon catapulted her to the role of Empress of Newsprint.
Defeat.
Unable to meet the constant demands of those she employed.
Darling soon lost her graph on all for which she had once cared.
Never photographed.
Once great editor paid a price.
Cost?
No man can say.
Oh stop the presses.
I better revise the situation fast before it all goes up in smoke.
More Clarissa.
More Snake.
After this.
You do things your own way every day.
Which is why every day Pizza Hut has a kids pizza pack.
You get a personal parent pizza, cup and a cool surprise.
So keep up the good work.
And now you can get a Marvel Comics X-Men video.
A mini comic book.
And trading cards for $4.99 with any pizza purchase.
There are two X-Men video packs to collect.
And you can get your claws on both of them exclusively at Pizza Hut.
Speak stylish and now what are the best values in America.
Yes for a limited time buy the Super NES Super Set.
And get five complete Mario games standard.
You'll find the Super Set is like no other system.
In performance handling and mode seven control.
You'll get Super Mario World.
And for 350 and postage Super Mario All Stars free.
With four Mario games in one.
So stop by your Nintendo dealer today.
Stop.
Stop evil doers.
Introducing Super Stretching Superhero Stretch Armstrong.
Yes Stretch Armstrong.
No stretching fun farther than ever before.
He bends.
He stretches.
Even ties and knots.
But always returns to his original shape.
How's he do that?
He's been doing that since he was a kid.
Stretch Armstrong from Cap Toys.
Who else?
You're watching.
Nick.
And now back to Clarissa explains it all.
Okay.
I've been up since five this morning trying to fit in all the news that's unfit to print.
I really want to be fair.
I really want to make this issue great.
And I wouldn't mind making everyone happy.
But I guess something's got to give.
First there's dad.
It's nice that he wants to help.
But he keeps giving me ideas I can't use.
I just don't think the Thomas Tupper Times is ready for a 3D glow in the dark scratch and sniff logo.
On the other hand, is anyone ready for Ferguson the filmmaker?
He's turned the bathroom into his private special effects studio.
I guess even George Lucas had to start somewhere.
And I've spent hours trying to turn Sam's review into something the paper can print.
But after I got through editing it, there was only one word left.
And I finally decided on my subject for my editorial.
Teen runaways.
Now if only I could find some time to write it.
Too bad I can't give myself an extension on that deadline.
Um, I noticed that in all of your films,
Angora's sweaters and cool-outs figured very prominently.
That's very astute.
Thank you.
Um, well, could you elaborate on the cool-out motif?
I prefer to leave the deeper meaning ambiguous.
Ah, wise.
A whole new batch of catalogs.
Hey, look at this.
A self-inverting aerobics machine.
Experienced the healthy benefits of hanging it upside down.
How can we get off these mailing lists and think of those poor trees?
Ah, well, then you will love this home paper recycling milk.
Oh, that's brilliant.
Who are you?
Dad, this is Turner B. Gerhard.
I'm sure you've heard of him.
No.
Well, no doubt you're familiar with my ove.
What ove is that?
His films are classics, Dad.
I'm writing the definitive interview.
Bloody brilliant boy, Ferguson.
To think he comes from such hearty, simple stout.
Well, it was nice to meet you, Mr. Gerhard.
Come on, Marshall.
Let's see if we can find a place for that recycler out back.
Your parents are so real.
Hmm, thank you.
Aren't they, though?
We're very big on reality here.
Hello, Chief.
My subject and I were just doing a little bit of fine-tuning
on the in-depth profile.
It's brilliant.
Bloody brilliant.
Your brother is just...
Well, he's bloody brilliant.
That's all.
Ferguson showed you the piece?
Finally, a film scholar who grasped the importance
of my breakthrough film with Chef Wally.
Well, TBG, let's get back to work.
Yes, we just need to, uh,
punch up these quotes on poor.
Ferguson, can I talk to you in moment?
Absolument, chief.
You see, TBG, I know un peu de français.
Bloody trivia.
Ferguson, what is he doing here?
He just wanted to look over the interview before it went to press.
Ferguson, that is completely unethical.
You don't show your subject an article before it's published,
especially a review.
But he's made some really good revisions.
Besides, he's not just my subject.
He's...
What, Ferguson?
Well, you know, I'm writing a little PR for him
while he's in town.
What?
Do the words journalistic integrity mean anything to you?
I'm just doing it as a favor.
Gerhard's agreed to introduce me to Hollywood.
He thinks my reel is brilliant.
Bloody brilliant.
Well, that's not the only thing that'll be bloody
if you don't get rid of him.
Sis, now!
Whatever you say, chief.
I was just having un peu de français with my editor.
Ferguson, she's... she's quite lovely, your sister.
My mind is racing.
Beautiful young editor.
Battles giant alien insect while wearing
angora croons.
What do you think?
Brain dead.
Bloody brain dead.
I'm getting it!
Does anybody live here but me?
Our pizza is good.
And you really should.
Try it.
In fact, it's great.
So go ahead and write about what you ate.
Not again.
Look, I already told Pats I can't accept freebies.
Pats.
I'm from Peppies.
Well, tell Peppie he's welcome to put the poem in an ad.
Wait!
Thanks, that should do it.
Hey, if Hillary Rodham Clinton can send back
all those free designer dresses,
I guess I can live with giving up a few free pizzas.
A thousand thanks, maestro.
It's bloody fantastic working with a true cinematic genius.
Ferg, my son, it's a bloody brilliant screenplay.
And with that brilliant special effects reel of yours,
I can see no reason why you can't co-direct it under my wing.
What screenplay, Ferguson?
The cockroach that ate in New York for breakfast.
Just a little something I've been working up on this side.
I already see the sequel.
The water bug that ate L.A. for lunch.
Don't they do lunch in L.A.?
Oh, yes.
That's very funny, Ferguson.
Bloody funny.
All along my brilliant aficionado,
you will be at my Meet the Fans video signing, won't you?
How could your biggest fan miss it?
Biggest fool is more like it.
Don't be jealous, sis.
I'll give you a cameo.
You could be the giant cockroach's first victim.
Ferguson, I can't publish your article.
Users write a genuine interview, not a puff piece.
Then I'll save it for my book.
Turner B. Gerhard, the authorized bio.
You can't just cop out on me. I've allotted space for it.
Hollywood calls.
I think I'll have a spot of tea while working on my shooting draft.
Oh, by the way, good luck with your little journalism project.
I'd love to flatten Ferguson to the ground.
I know you can't run away from your problems,
but why can't you run over them with a 10-ton truck?
So I guess it's time for the Thomas Tupper Times to be put to bed.
And I don't mean under the covers.
I mean, the paper is ready to go to press.
Almost.
First, I thought I'd take a shot at reworking Sam's review.
The bad news, it's not a pretty picture.
But there's good news.
It turns out the back of Sam's review, it's worth a thousand words.
It'll be the first cartoon you've ever won.
Hi, Sam.
Hey, Clarissa.
Thanks for coming over.
No problem. I'm glad you called.
Listen, about the review, I'm sorry I overreacted.
I understand, Sam.
You worked hard on that review, and I should have been more clear.
No, I got the message.
No, I mean more specific.
I was really planning to help you rewrite it.
That's okay, you don't need to.
I've got something all finished, ready to print.
You wrote another review?
No, it's the one I took back.
Hey, this is Leonard's review. I was wondering where that went.
I took it by mistake.
Wow, he's a good writer.
Who'd have thought a nerdy little guy like Leonard?
He's been doing it a lot longer.
It shows.
Look, Clarissa, we both know the truth is I can't write.
When the writing is in bubbles above people's heads, you're really good.
His panels are so funny.
My cartoons?
Overheard at a rock concert.
I just did those for fun.
Nice title, though, who thought of that?
Look, Sam, the paper could use a good cartoonist.
You like the one with the guy buying the t-shirts?
Yeah, I think it's great.
Really? You're not just saying that?
No way. I'm speaking not only as a friend, but as an editor.
This is so cool.
Rick, then what do you want?
I'm here to submit my Gerhard profile.
Sorry, there's no room left in the paper for an in-depth profile.
Oh, that's okay.
That hack-o-matic doesn't really deserve a profile.
Just a simple review that rips the lid off his non-existent production values
and total lack of technique.
Why did the sudden change of heart, Ferguson?
Do you realize that Schlachmeister had the nerve to use my reel
to illustrate amateurish effects
versus so-called spectacular effects?
Whatever happened, Ferguson, you can't let a personal vendetta
bias your article.
I won't.
I promise.
I just think I have a better handle on his...
oof.
You do?
Yeah, I've seen the future of Gerhard movies
and its name is Street to Video.
Sounds like a lead to me.
Ferguson, pizza's here.
We'll be right down.
Who is it this time?
Pats, pepies, pockos?
Actually, it's all of them.
Want to help me eat it?
No way, you buckled?
Yeah, what happened to journalistic integrity?
Well, all that pizza got me thinking.
With all these competing pizza places around,
wouldn't it be a service to our readers
to do a brand-blind taste test
to write them in the paper?
Wow, that sounds fair.
All's fair on loving pizza.
I think Shakespeare said that.
Oh, it was a pat.
A peppy.
A pocko.
I just love this job.
What a great paper, Clarissa.
Yeah, looks real good.
I think the first issue went over really well.
Thanks for the new logo, Dad.
Oh, sure, sport.
You know, but I still think a pop-up hologram would work.
You know, this editorial on Runaways is really good.
I'll see if I can get the children's museum
to find a way to help.
That'd be great.
It's cool to think journalism can make a difference.
Well, congratulations, sport.
It looks like you made the paper everything you wanted it to be.
Well, Dad, I've come to believe
that sometimes getting what you want can be a lot of work.
But it's worth it.
Now stay tuned for a high-tech face-off
with a computer at the Roundhouse.
If you're planning to remodel
or replace windows and doors in your home,
go to Peach Tree and think Strober.
Peach Tree offers windows and doors in all shapes and sizes
and backed by the non-stop already
which guarantees them for as long as you own them.
At Strober, you get the best prices
because they're the Peach Tree distributor.
And only at Strober can you visit
the Peach Tree Planning Center.
Get expert advice, full selection,
unbeatable prices, and a free planning kit.
So call them now for an appointment.
People, you are a mess.
It's like for kids.
It's the best part of the week. I love it.
It's happening. It's next.
Introducing Domino Rally.
More than one set show.
Domino Rally, now five sets to choose from.
Also look for the motorized Domino dealer
that automatically sets up your Domino's.
Works with all Domino Rally sets.
Man, I just had the weirdest dream.
I was sleeping when my bed started to move.
Whoa, that was too kid-safe.
It was huge.
I thought you might be hungry for the dreamy part
of this complete breakfast.
Kellogg's Fruit Loops.
All right.
May I pour?
But you didn't stop.
That's okay. I had a spoon.
I was taking the orange lemon lime and cherry flavor,
which suddenly I think was big food everywhere.
Then two came down.
Catch you later.
Oh, no!
Ah!
Aren't dreams weird?
Yes.
If kids like me were running the world,
I'd finally have my own room
and no one but my friends would be allowed to come in
because I'd have a special lock put on my door.
I'll have a super advanced chemistry set
that I'll use to fix the ozone layer
and to cure that thing that happens to your head
when you eat ice cream too fast.
And when I'm having a Big Mac attack,
I'll just go downstairs
because I'm having a Mickey D's
built on the back of our house.
Then me and my friends could act
totally goofy whenever we want.
Jonathan Edward Moore.
Pipe down or you'll be sent to your room.
Excellent.
No!
Hey, it could happen.
Mmm!
Everything by hand.
This had its drawbacks.
Soon man created tools to make things easier.
It had its drawbacks.
It seems the more advanced technology becomes
the more dangerous it is.
Knowledge you today,
you have to wonder if somewhere in a different world
this scene is taking place.
This meeting has come to order.
Miss Pitcher 2 will read the progress report.
Thank you, Mr. Dio.
We now have at least two televisions
in every month in America.
Yay!
Millions of cans spent in countless hours
staring at a TV screen.
Hip-Hip-Hop! Hip-Hip-Hop!
Excellent.
How was the thing with your department,
Mr. Microchip?
We have millions of VCRs all over the world,
all flashing in unison.
12, 12, 12.
This will hypnotize the humans
into a state of semi-consciousness.
And then we could take over the world.
Aesthetic, cheering and shouting.
Hip-Hip, hooray! Hip-Hip, hooray!
Not so fast, Mr. Dio.
There is still a problem.
Hey, what's up? Hey, what's up?
What problem is that, Mr. Rectifier?
There are still millions of kids
out playing sports, enjoying nature
and other disgusting...
I propose we invent games,
combining TVs and computers
to keep these humanoids glued to the screen
where they belong.
Excellent plan.
Hand shaking and back petting.
Oh, man. Oh, man. Oh, man.
Oh, man.
Like the meat and the beef.
Come on.
Oh, sir, rule.
Oh, why don't you get out of the house
and away from this video game every once in a while?
Do what every red-blooded American boy
is supposed to do.
Try talking to a girl.
Oh, you mean interface?
Yeah. Why don't you boot up your hard drive
and check out a couple of floppy disks?
Oh, man.
Hey, Dave, how you doing? Remember me?
Mmm, nope. The face doesn't ring a bell.
Men are such fools.
Why can't I get a guy to look me in the eye?
I've got brains. I've got charm.
I've got huge problems.
Don't despair because I stare at your pair.
Try to cross your eyes, bro, from play spec.
To cross your eyes, bro,
we'll train a man's gaze on those big baby blues.
You'll have actual conversations with actual men
or your money back.
Hey, four eyes.
What do you say we go get a milkshake
and just talk?
Thanks to cross your eyes, bro.
My vision's 2020-38-38.
To cross your eyes, bro, from play spec.
Now, boys, we'll make passes at girls who wear glasses.
This is just a reminder.
The school has received a very generous donation
of computer equipment from the Mr. Biod.
Now the students can fail in a fraction of the time
it used to take.
Football players, you have to have a 2.5 grade point average
in order to play in the big game this Friday
that all you folks at home get all that information.
Good lunchtime.
You gonna eat your roll?
Yeah.
No, you're not. Listen up, squirt.
I need you to help me with something.
Well, the round one is the spoon
and the one with the pointy things is the fork.
Oh, yeah. Thanks.
Hey, tell me where the big computer is.
I know my way around a rom.
Do you know about Ram?
Sure.
Good.
In the break of the school computer and change my grades
or I'm gonna ram my fist down your throat.
Next, talking to you.
Oh.
Hey, you gonna eat your roll?
I didn't eat it already.
Listen, Duke wants me to help him cheat
and I can't do that.
Oh, yes you can with new product cheat.
It's the computer network system
that lets you tap into your school's computer
with just a few simple keystrokes.
You can become valedictorian
on the highest score on the SAT
and even get a full scholarship to Harvard.
There, I just selected you home coming green.
Well, my parents would kill me if they found out.
Not a chance.
Product cheat's fun for the whole family.
Mom can use it to add funds to the family checking account
and dad likes the special felony program
to embezzle funds from his company.
I want one for my family.
Wait a minute.
Doesn't your dad work in politics?
Huh?
I'm sure he already subscribes.
You just get prodigy before you next report card.
Cheating's not the answer.
I'm a smart guy who could figure a way out of this
whereas Duke is a big strong guy
who could beat me up half to death.
Well, I say run like a bat out of hell.
I could beat this guy intellectually.
It's a classic case of brains versus brawn.
Welcome to another edition of
Win, Lose, and Brawl,
the game show that pits brains against brawn.
Say that three times real fast.
Mac McMurray, Mac McMurray, Mac McMurray.
You see, I can't even say it
and it's my own dang name.
Okay, today we have AV Club president,
honor student, and certified computer geek,
Dave, against Duke.
Duke, your hobbies are grunting
and beating up on kids smaller than you.
Yeah, what about it?
And Dave, your hobbies are computers
and trying not to get this snot knocked out of you.
That's about it, Bill.
Okay, Dave, it's your wits against Duke's fists.
And here to tell us what you could win
is the lovely surgically augmented
Holly Jamollie.
You won the coin toss
because you're the only one
with the difference between heads or tails.
I'll try biting sarcasm for 100, Bill.
Yeah, and I'll just try biting.
Ow!
I refuse to have a battle of wits with an unarmed man.
Oh, sorry, Dave.
In order for sarcasm to work,
the other person has to actually understand
that you're making fun of him.
I'll try repeated blows to the head for 300, Bill.
In that case, I'll try reason and logic for 200.
If I break into the school computer,
I'll get suspended.
Besides, it's not right.
Well, I admire your integrity.
Bill, I'll take kidney punches for the heck of it.
Indian burns because I can.
And purple nurples.
Looks like you need to think it's something fast.
In that case, I'll try running like a bat out of hell
for a thousand, Bill.
The big orange couch will sneak again after this.
Ren, why are we hiding in the dark?
A new episode, you fool.
The brand new Ren and Stimpy this week
are Nickelodeon.
Shut up. You said too much already.
Don't you see?
Soon they will know everything.
See the unspeakable things.
Maybe if we don't tell them when it's on,
they'll never see it.
Stimpy, for once, you're brilliant.
We just won't...
Watch Nickelodeon's brand new episode
of Ren and Stimpy tonight on Snick.
Ice cream and slushies
with the three-minute ice cream maker.
It's fun!
Ice and salt, milk and mix,
and three minutes later...
Real ice cream.
Delicious!
Here's my green tea.
The new fruit snack maker,
three-minute ice cream maker,
and slushing mix,
each sold separately.
We now return to Roundhouse and Snick.
Only on Nick.
I don't know.
Hey, words out.
You're just gonna be waiting for you at school.
I know. That's why I'm not going.
Mom will never go for that.
Dave, Scotty, are you ready to catch the bus?
I have a plan.
Oh, Mom, I can't go to school today.
I'm afraid.
I mean, I'm afraid I don't feel so good.
My stomach hurts.
Your stomach, huh?
Sure, pick an organ I can't stick a thermometer into.
You do not look sick to me, young man.
But I am. I can prove it.
Just can't seem to stomach the thought of school.
Then get big sputans guaranteed to make you blow cookies fast.
Be one, and in no time at all,
you'll be calling Hugh on the big white porcelain phone.
Oh, wow. Big sputans make barfing a breeze.
Oh, my goodness, son,
I want you out of this sketch and into bed right now.
Don't even think about going to school for a whole week.
Big sputans.
But when you need to spew, I'm coming.
Well, oh, now just a dang-dang minute.
Pardon my language, but this won't do.
All right.
My dander is up,
and I'm just gonna have to go ahead and let it all out.
Confound it.
Sorry that you two boys had to hear that.
But you get your deceptive little, dare I say it,
heiny, huh?
Just go. Right this minute.
Wow. She was really mad.
I know. I thought she was gonna say,
you know, shuckins.
Shuckins.
Oh, man.
Well, it might as well help Duke cheat.
I mean, I doubt I'll get caught.
Besides, how bad could it be?
Okay, class, today we'll be having
a little pop-oral exam on Chapter 7.
Lesta, what did you learn about Uranus?
My what?
It's a summer school with you, Linda.
Uh...
Oh, man, I didn't study that chapter either.
What am I gonna do?
First getting computers that sat on your desk.
Then came computers that fit in the palm of your hand.
Now from Apple Seed, it's the personal computer.
The computer's so small, it fits right up your nose.
So the answers are always at your fingertips.
Scotty, can you tell us about Uranus?
Uh, searching.
Um, file not found.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, okay.
Um, diameter 32,000 miles, orbits the sun every...
84 years?
Excellent.
Thank you, Mrs. Furburger.
That's the new personal nasal computer from Apple Seed.
Why pick the answers out of the air
when you can pick them right out of your nose?
Wait a minute, wait a minute, wait a minute.
You're using an Apple Seed computer.
This school will not tolerate cheating, young man.
Now I want that computer right now.
Now blow.
Come on, blow.
One more, let's go.
I guess it could be pretty bad after all.
Have you run into Duke yet?
How did you find me?
I was doing my best locker impression.
Man, sometimes I wish I could just disappear.
Careful what you wish for, kid.
Hi, it's me Marty again with my friend Walnut.
Walnut gets to travel all around the world
to all different kinds of places,
but nobody ever notices them.
They always say, where's Walnut?
It all started with Walnut was a kid.
Walnut, would you like this last piece of pie?
Sure, Walnut.
Gosh, I'd hate to throw it away.
Where's Walnut?
Mama, I'm right here.
Can't you see me?
I'll forget it.
Then things got worse.
Watson.
Here.
Wallace.
Walnut.
Here.
I'm right here.
Is that Walnut cutting classes again?
Yeah.
Where's Walnut?
I'm right here.
Don't you see me?
Dang.
Then it became unbearable.
And the winner of the dream date with me, Cindy Crawfish,
is Walnut.
Is Walnut here?
Baby, I'm right here.
I'm right here.
Let's go.
Baby, are you blind?
That's when Walnut got the Discover Me card.
Can you see me now?
Yeah, I see you.
Listen, I got a warrant for a kid named Walnut.
He's playing hooky from school.
You know where he is?
Walnut?
Who's he?
Come on, Walnut.
Go down the road.
Walnut?
Anybody seen Walnut?
Where's Walnut?
Where's Walnut the early years?
Available now in bookstores.
If you can find it.
I guess there's no use in trying to disappear.
Duke's bound to find me.
Boy, I just saw Duke working out.
He broke the barbells.
And he'll be in your sixth period.
Yeah, well, I won't.
You're cutting?
Well, let's just say I'm taking a little vacation from my health.
I'm going to the arcade.
We will now have a progress report from Mr. Rectifier.
The video games are working perfectly.
Not only do kids play them, but they pay us to play them.
Way to go.
Boo-yah.
We trick them into thinking they are doing something great.
Some of them even think they are defending the entire universe.
The Big Orange Couch will sneak again after this.
If I had my way, I'd change my hair.
Or give a kid's meal the way I like it.
With no pickles.
Sure.
Yeah.
Burger King is going bonkers.
Bonkers.
That's mean.
Those crazy tunes from Disney's bonkers
are in Crash apart cars.
They snap together so that you can crash them apart.
You can collect all five, one with every kid's meal,
only at Burger King, where bonkers is a smash.
We now return to Roundhouse and Snick.
Only on Nick.
Come here, I got a store to settle with you.
Wait, Duke, before you kill me, let me help you pass on your own.
I'll tutor you.
Hey, no guys ever tutored me.
No, it just means I want to teach you.
Okay, we'll start with math.
Now, let's say you have two monies,
and the store wants three monies for a piece of gum.
How many more monies do you need?
Oh.
Okay, let's forget tutoring.
We can use high technology.
You can listen to tapes while you sleep.
Everything you need to know is on this cassette.
When you wake up, you'll know it all.
This better work.
Trust me, it'll work.
It's better work.
Duke was supposed to be sleep-learning,
but I accidentally put in the wrong tape.
Well, he'll do fine if there's a lot of questions on the test
about hooked-on show tunes.
World mysteries.
Lyle Lovett and Julia Roberts.
Don't you hate it when a bulb tube goes in a blank?
I, however, know a great deal
about fixing sophisticated machinery.
And now I'm gonna share it all with you
in my new instructional video,
that's TV and VCR repair.
Take a gander at my very clever repair methods.
Junior, this is called
the Frozen Child Reception Improvement Device.
A little more to the left.
A little more to the right.
Back up.
Perfect.
And check out this little scientific wonder.
Scotty, bring in the high-tech hardware.
Well, looks like we're getting all the channel to you
in parts of 11.
But you can't take much more, Captain.
This TV hasn't worked this well
since I stole it from that motel.
Honey, show him the satellite equipment.
That's Dad's TV and VCR repair.
Act now and I'll send you free remote control
at your program just by talking to it, like this.
Reach over and change the channel, Dipstick.
This one idiot is ruining all of our plants, too.
Take over the earth.
The brainwashing isn't working.
You have to have a brain to be brainwashed.
Look at that.
He actually likes the VCR.
12, 12, 12.
I love this.
It's right twice a day, noon and midnight.
12, 12, 12.
All right.
Worrying and hair-pulling.
All right, class.
Now, today we'll be talking about the not-so-silent
but deadly eruption of Mount Vesuvius.
Oh, man.
What's wrong, dude?
I knew I shouldn't have had that egg salad
and bean sandwich.
Now I've got to slice the Swiss.
Cowabunga, dude.
Let her rip.
I can't.
Cindy Teeber's just sitting right there.
If I blow a trouser cloud,
she'll never go out with me.
That's why you need puttmute,
the new butt muffler from Heineke.
With puttmute, you can toot toot
and nobody can hear a thing.
Just attach puttmute to your rear fender
and fire those air biscuits out of the oven.
They won't hear a thing?
Now, if you don't want them to,
our exclusive tush-shush design
keeps your colon quiet.
But puttmute's rum synthesizer
also camouflages those gaseous eruptions
into pleasant sounds like a doorbell.
Hi.
A symphony in my shorts.
Perfect.
You got this food.
But you just eat some deep fried foods.
And you're just a minor kid.
Silence your seat with Heineke.
Perfect.
So the next time you're trying to squash a seat sausage,
get puttmute and set it free with Heineke.
I'm really sorry about what happened, man.
I'll get you into the football game somehow.
Never mind.
I don't care about football anymore.
I just want to sing show tunes.
I'm puttin' on my tap shoes,
rollin' up my pant leg,
and paintin' the town.
You two big pilot tubes
are missin' divin' for dollars.
I've seen enough bullet block on this idiot.
Aw, hey.
Hey.
It went off completely.
Wow.
My portable CD player went on, too.
Everything electronic in the whole house is off.
Well, what do we do now?
Well, I guess we could talk to each other.
Tronics, and it wasn't that bad.
Yeah, but I bet you there's one electronic thing
that still works.
What's bad, huh?
Reprise a theme, song, and roll of credit.
Whenever my life gets too slow,
down, go down, down, down.
And the fun never ends,
as long as the music is ahead.
And you know what I'm sayin'.
I can find it free.
Strap on your minors, helmet,
and dig the all-new episode of rena-stand-by.
Unseen by human eyeballs.
So pay attention.
Take notes, and look out for a fallout
All new, never before seen.
Brennan Snippy Show, next on SNCC.
Roundhouse is taped before a live studio audience
at CBS Studio Center, Hollywood, California.
Peace.
We got baby over here, we got baby over here.
Fun, there's not much of a word to describe it.
Saturday night, Nick.
Snick.
For New York One, Nancy Lou.
That day I was in the Bronx at Bronx Municipal Hospital
and I saw the tiniest babies I had ever seen.
And these babies were the size of my hand.
They were absolutely tiny and just holding on
to a thread of life.
But there is a new program going on in the Bronx
and they're training neonatal nurses
to be able to take care of these infants.
It's encouraging.
New York One, because there's only one, New York.
To look for the guys on foot that Saturday,
my old bike just didn't cut it anymore.
Nobody anywhere.
I kept hearing this sound.
Brother, the world was shut down.
Sorry, I don't know where they went.
Where was everybody?
Dad pulled in, then I saw it.
Moto size, they'll draw a crowd and leave it behind.
It's time you were warned.
Why don't you try Kellogg's Rice Krispies Treat Zero?
One taste is never enough, because it's everything
you love about the taste of Kellogg's Rice Krispies
Treats in an incredibly crispy cereal.
And part of this complete breakfast.
Yeah, you might just find yourself going to great lengths
to get it, because one taste is never enough.
With Nickelodeon slapstick mini posters,
you can take these wacky, wonderful characters
with you again and again.
Two with two proofs of purchase from Kellogg's Rice Krispies
Treats cereal, but be careful and make it slap happy.
I'll take one.
$4,095, $4,098, $7,000.
There you go.
Thanks again.
Hey, Ren, guess what?
Let's see.
Am I going to have to kill you?
Maybe.
Well, who was it?
It was a nice man who will change the way we live forever.
What are you talking about, you idiot?
Wait here.
I'll be right back.
What?
I suppose you bought another stupid subscript.
Hey, Ren, look what I just bought.
Why, I ought to hold it.
Before you smack me, let me extol the virtues
of this wondrous time-saving device.
Allow me to demonstrate the full capabilities
of the one and only Titan 4000.
This baby has 600 cubic inches of raw,
dirt-destroying, carpet-ripping horsepower
from its turbocharged, fully blown hemi.
Allow me to demonstrate.
Stampy, I'm really going to enjoy beating you this time.
Coming through.
And it can suck a monkey through 30 feet of garden hose.
See, Ren, it's the last word in domestic technology.
Ah!
Must save the brain!
And it's ours for only 12,000 easy monthly payments.
Ah!
You neighbor, you look like a man
who could use a good can of salve.
Oh, I...
What salve, you say?
Why, it's the wonderful goop with a jillion uses.
Where would we be today without salve?
Let me ask you a question.
How do you think George Washington
fit into his party dress?
Hmm, alve.
Let me ask you a personal question.
How do you think Columbus discovered scurvy?
Hmm, salve?
That's absolutely key, wrecked!
What do you say, pal?
How many cans can I put you down for?
Hey, Ren, let's buy salve.
How dare you take advantage of my blithering idiot!
Now, take your smelly old salve and get out of here!
Back for you.
In trouble with your hair.
Nothing a healthy dollop of salve couldn't take care of.
We can fashion a whole new hairstyle.
Get down from there.
How many times do I have to tell you?
Stay out of my stuff!
Playing with makeup is for grown-ups.
Not the boys like you.
Maybe someday when you're a grown man like me.
Here, why don't you keep yourself busy
and clean up this mess?
That ought to keep you away
from any more stupid salesmen.
Okay, Ren.
What's the matter, bub?
Out of soap again?
Well, who needs it?
Why wash away dirt the old-fashioned way
when you can hide it the all-new salve way?
A little dab will do you.
And how about that lemony scent?
You buy it!
Hey!
Drop that salve!
We don't want no.
Hey, Stampy, hurry up with that jelly sandwich.
Five, four, nine, 12, one.
Bingo!
Hey, don't use jelly.
Have a salve, which instead, it's indigestible.
Wow!
Give me a hundred bucks worth.
All right, that's it.
What did I tell you about buying ointment from food?
I've had it.
I'll show you what we do
to parasitic salesmen pigs like you.
I'll teach you to swindle my idiot sidekick.
Well, that's that.
Well, I finally got rid of that pesky salesman.
Now to relax with a good buck.
Hey, buddy.
You wouldn't be in this mess now
if you had a can of salve on hand.
I can take it no longer.
You win.
I'll buy a stinking can of your stupid salve.
Sorry, pal, but your stupid fat friend
just bought all my salve.
Friend, Stampy, and Snick will be back
after these messages.
If cans like me took over the world,
there wouldn't be any school.
Better yet, we'll keep school,
but it won't really be like school.
Our favorite classes will be gym,
recess, and marine biology,
or we'll learn how to save the whales.
As long as we're changing the world,
let's change the name to Mick World,
because McDonald's will be the official food.
We'll take all-day field trips to Mickey D's,
which random crutchmer will never go on,
as he'll be in permanent detention.
He picked on me in social studies,
and, you know, let's get a cool gym teacher for once.
You about to fill a game of horse?
No!
Hey, that could happen.
There's only one way to make the coolest games even cooler.
Game Genie.
Yeah!
Your win.
Game Genie's got the secret codes for Mortal Kombat.
And if you think Mortal Kombat is awesome now,
where do you play with Game Genie?
Because if you don't,
you'll never know how far you can go.
Now Game Genies cost less,
each sold separately for most video game systems.
Free Mortal Kombat Game Genie codes
that participating retailers
supplies limited to year-end.
Twizzles.
Chewy.
I love it when it twizzles.
The genius behind very fine apple quenches.
Good fruit drink, but needs something like,
oh, an apple.
Yeah.
New apple quenches from very fine.
Great tasting fruit, first quenching apples,
nothing quenches like apple quenches.
And now, back to the glow of the Ren and Stimpy show.
Stimpy, I'm wasting away from lack of food.
I'm nothing but skin and bones.
Yeah, I'm nothing but skin and fat.
Stimpy, what is that delicious aroma?
Go look and see what smells so good.
Your favorite, hog jowl.
Hog jowl.
Food for me, food for me.
Wait a minute, I'm not stupid.
I've seen cartoons like this before.
If I set foot in that yard,
I'll probably get ripped to shreds by some enormous dog.
Go look again and see if there's a dog.
Yes, sir.
Nope, no dog.
Oh boy.
There's no dog, but there's the baboon.
That's it.
Oh, the bone's asleep.
Now get in there and get me those jowls.
Well, soon we eat.
Oh, what have we here?
Well, I'll be.
Looks like one of the hog jowls fell out of the window.
Oh, shoot.
It got all filthy.
Well, we can't let it go to waste.
Here boy, come and get it.
Oh.
I gotta hand it to you, Stimpy.
This is your best idea yet.
Oh no, Ren, he's gonna get us.
Relax, watch this.
Oh, honey, there you are.
I'm glad you're home,
because it's your turn to be mauled by the baboon.
Now go on, honey.
You remember what the man at the pet store said
about nurturing his natural behavior?
Besides, what's the use of having
a bloodthirsty primate around the house
if you can't get mauled once in a while?
Add a girl.
This old gag never fails.
I saw it on a Sylvester the chicken cartoon once.
Hee, hee, hee.
Hee, hee.
Come on, go, go, go, go.
You...
Oh, you, Mr. Baboo.
I love you long time.
Hee, hee, hee.
You doggy.
I can't wait to try it out.
Oh.
Chocolate for me?
So sinful.
I should need sweets.
But I'll have just one.
Oh.
Simeon and wife.
You might kiss the puppet.
Oh, Ren.
Look what I've got.
Dinner is served.
My hog jowls.
Serve open-faced, just like you like it.
Go ahead.
Dig in.
Gimby, you are my true friend.
I'll know to that.
Night is the best night.
Better night is great.
Welcome to Crystal Princess World.
Oh, Princess Crystal Horns!
This is Crystal Dennis.
They're awesome, beautiful.
I love you, Princess Crystal Stars.
The princess and Crystal Princess bedrooms we've eaten so separately.
It seems, no matter how much you want a crisp, delicious agarwafal,
there's always someone who wants it a little more.
Crisp, delicious agarwafals, part of a nutritious breakfast.
Isn't technology wonderful?
From the prehistoric past...
into the streets of New York...
Fraser is crazy!
They come to see the sights...
shake things up...
and save the city.
I am the master of sin.
They're in danger! We gotta save them!
Steven Spielberg presents We're Back, a dinosaur story.
That's us.
Rated G starts Wednesday at theaters everywhere.
Wienerville, Doug.
Wienerville and Doug every weekday afternoon right here on Nickelodeon.
Guess who's new in the littlest pet shop?
Who?
Splash Happy Pops.
Who has splash happy pups for you?
To clean and clean a batch, shampoo.
The littlest pet shop, that's who.
You'll love their tub and vanity, and they're a prize winning pups too.
Who has splash winning pups for you?
Bag and walk and dress up too.
The littlest pet shop, who?
Wien!
Splash Happy Pups and prize winning pups eat soul separately.
It's the nightmare before Christmas toy collection.
What's this?
It's Jack.
I am the pumpkin king and look I'm going Christmasing. What's this?
The world of sourling and sally's losing all arms and legs and things. What's this?
Santa's giving presents evil scientists are bright. Lock the chock and bear a trick or treat throughout the night.
The male's kind of two-faced. Behemoth's got an ache.
And inside of the boogie you'll find worms and bugs and snakes. What is this?
It's the nightmare before Christmas toy collection each sold separately background sets not available.
Do? No. Thank you.
Look. It's nice.
Why so long? I mean I thought I'd lost you.
How can you walk so fast in this heat?
Yeah we're dying.
Come on we're almost there.
I'm not sure sitting by a roaring fire is the best way to spend the hottest night of the year.
I said we rename it the heatwave society and tell the story by my uncle's pool.
Come on it's not that hot.
How can you save that?
How could she say that? How could she wear that?
You still have your jacket on?
By the end of my story you'll be wearing yours too.
Because I got a sure way to beat the heat.
A story that's guaranteed to give everyone a massive case of the sure way.
Submitted for the approval of the midnight society.
I call this story the tale of the frozen coast.
It all began when Charles Pemberton Schilling of a third was sent with his babysitter to spend a weekend with his aunts.
So his parents could go to a wedding or a temple.
It was the coldest winter anyone could remember in a hundred years.
Aren't you hot with all that stuff on? It's 90 degrees in here.
I'm not allowed to catch a cold.
Daphne had been putting up with, I mean babysitting Charles since she was 12.
So she knew what she was getting into.
Are we here?
Yep. This is it.
Spooksville or what?
What's the hold up?
Doesn't look like anyone's home.
Yeah, I don't think this is the place.
How do you know? You've never even met them. Come on.
Now what's the problem?
What if they're asleep?
What if they get mad at us for waking them up and don't like us and they're mean to us all week?
They're your relatives, not a couple of wicked old witches.
I hope you're a baby grown.
This must be the babysitter Debbie.
Daphne.
Oh, I'm so sorry.
You're right, so please do come in.
Come along, Charlie. Oh my goodness.
Charlie.
Man, you must be exhausted from the drive.
Why don't you let us make you a cup of tea?
Thanks, but I'd better be going.
Thanks for the invitation.
Sammy had to run off.
Yes, well, they never do stay long anyway.
The main thing is we have our little Charlie with us.
Let us give you the grand tour of our humble abode.
That's right. You'll be comfortable.
Oh, I'm sure we'll be comfortable.
No, no. Only trying to be good hosts.
Madeleine, I thought we agreed not to mention that.
Primitia, I only said hosts, not ghosts.
Ghosts?
Silly me. My hearing isn't what it used to be.
Your ants are totally neat.
What?
Weird.
Why? Because their house isn't new and perfect like yours?
We can't all be rich and rich.
Hey, don't look at him wrinkly.
Fine. Do it yourself if you're going to be picky.
Mom said I have to take care of my things.
Whatever. I'll draw your bath sire.
Hey, wait.
What?
A voice from outside.
The wind, Charles. You heard the wind.
Now get a move on or you'll be late for supper.
This old thing never quite works right, I'm afraid.
We're only using it because the electric range doesn't work
when the power's out.
Why is the power out?
Oh, it's that old electric company.
They get all op-ed even a person just to weave it late
with the payment.
My dear, it's been three months.
Hush, Maylene.
Remember my father always said, keep your finances to yourself.
Gee, if you're having trouble with money,
well, won't Charles' parents help you out?
Neither a borrower nor a lender be.
Did the father say that too, Greta?
Actually, father would roll over in his grave
if he heard us even talking about
borrowing money from the Pemberton and Schilling side of the family.
Why? I mean, it's not like they're short on cash.
Well, there was this little feud.
It was a long time ago.
There was a terrible falling out
between father and Uncle Charlie.
Uncle Charlie was Charles' great-grandfather.
He hired a common criminal to work on the farm.
Maylene, Uncle Charlie didn't know he was a criminal
when he hired him.
Yes, but father thought there was something odd about him
from the start, who Uncle Charlie wouldn't listen.
Wow, was he a murderer?
Goodness, no.
Far as I know, he was a bank robber.
Well, what happened?
The police caught him in the woods out back
and put him on the train to prison.
End of story.
The Greta dear, that wasn't my understanding.
I heard he never made it to prison.
Everybody on it was killed.
They never found the body of that...
Thought we'd close that window after we left the smoke out.
Well, we did, sister.
Maybe it doesn't shut just right.
I'm sure I felt a distinct chill just now.
It's all right, children.
We'll see about having it fixed in the morning.
Walter was supposed to do it,
but he left rather suddenly.
Who's Walter?
He was our old maintenance man.
I'm afraid he got rather impatient with us.
Because he couldn't pay him?
Is that why he left Greta?
I thought it was because of the ghost.
Ghost?
Would you like some more macaroni and cheese? There's lots.
You think there's a ghost here?
Who is it, the bank robber?
Ghost?
I don't think we should talk about such things.
Why not?
Because we know how young imaginations
can take the simplest things
and build them up into nightmares and the like.
But I'm not afraid of ghosts,
and neither is Charles, are you, Charles?
Ghosts?
Really, dear, it's better we don't.
I'm going to apologize
every time I talk about this.
Strange things happen.
Maylene, that is enough.
Give that back.
The dark, stay in the glow of the couch
and stay tuned.
This Thanksgiving weekend,
you can watch their cartoons
or you can watch Nicktoons.
All weekend long, new Nicktoon episodes,
new Nicktoon music videos,
plus the chance to see your very own Nicktoon drawings.
So tune out, ordinary tunes,
tune in to non-stop Nicktoon weekend.
Next Friday at 12 o'clock Central, only on Nick.
Hey, what do you want from a high-powered blaster?
Balls, more balls.
No!
Thunderstrike 20, not three, not six,
not even eight, 20 rapid-fire shots.
No waiting, no talking.
The 20-ball Thunderstrike 20,
more balls than any other blaster.
What's the matter?
Add a ammo?
Handle, ball.
Thunderstrike 20, balls, more balls.
Thunderstrike 20, only from Tycho,
batteries not included.
Now, two can play the games
of the Super NES Super Scope.
Yoshi Safari and Metal Combat Falcon Revenge.
So to prepare yourself,
you might want to consider
some basic training exercises.
Now, the sneaking begins again
with Are You Afraid of the Dark?
I'm fine, I'm fine.
Charles, what are you doing?
Charles, you've had a bad dream.
Now get out of my bed and go back to sleep.
It wasn't a dream. I mean, I was having a bad dream.
And then I woke up, the window burst open,
crashed like that.
And then I looked down, and I saw him.
Oh, we've got a problem.
Now, children, it's not nice to argue.
Why won't you tell Andy Greta what's wrong?
Charles kept me up all night
because he thinks he saw a ghost.
He's mad because I don't believe him.
What did you see?
The ghost. I saw it.
He says it talked to him.
He did.
Greta, did you hear that?
It's never spoken to us.
You mean you've seen it too?
Now, Daphne, Debbie.
Daphne, you mean there is a ghost
and it's not just a ghost story?
Well, I suppose there's no use pretending now.
It was little Charlie we were trying to protect.
He's already seen it.
But it never comes in the house, so there's no need to worry.
You guys really believe this, don't you?
Of course we do.
Cool. Well, whose ghost is it?
No one knows exactly,
but there was this little boy
who lived at a neighboring farm
and father said he used to come over here all the time.
Sneak around the house
trying to find where Mother hid the cookies.
What happened to him?
It's very tragic. No one really knows.
They just found him one day
out in the wood shed.
Oh, curled up like he was trying to keep warm.
They said he froze to death for a thing.
How sad.
Ah! Look at that. Fire's gone out again.
Oh, no, and we have no more wood.
Does that mean we're going to freeze to death too?
No, there's plenty of wood around.
Just tell me where to go and I'll bring some in.
I was thinking.
Maybe we should go Mom and Dad and they can come and get us.
I'm sure their wedding's over by now.
The axe isn't where they said it would be.
Axe? How else do you chop wood?
I don't know. I've never chopped wood.
Well, there's a first time for everything.
Come on. Dirty chopping wood?
Filthy. This should do the trick.
Hey, this isn't hard at all.
In fact, it's kind of fun. You want to try?
Yeah, but I'm not allowed to play the sharp things.
I can't take it anymore.
You are a complete and total wuss.
I am not. You are too.
I don't have an excuse not to do things.
When are you going to quit being such a freak?
I'm not a freak.
Yeah, right. If it weren't for me,
you'd be a total couch potato sitting at home
playing a nice safe video game in your nice clean clothes.
What's wrong with clean clothes?
You want to know what's wrong with clean clothes?
I'll show you what's wrong with clean clothes.
Look, he's still alive.
What a surprise. He survived a little bit of mud.
That's it. I'm telling my mom you did that.
I'm so angry.
What was that?
A lock from over here.
What does it want?
A lock from my dream.
What?
He was in the lock.
The bad guy pulled up his...
Charles, something.
What are you doing?
I helped him.
The jacket.
That V looks like some kind of key.
I know.
For the stovepipe.
That's why it never worked properly.
I have a feeling your money troubles are over.
The criminal hid the gold in the pipe.
Little boy saw him when he was looking for cookies.
Charles' dream.
Poor kid.
He froze to death hiding from the criminal
and no one knew.
I told you
you'd get the shimmers.
I declare this meaning
of the heat wave society.
Close.
Good night everybody.
Looking for video games at a higher level
you'll find Nintendo and Sega.
No.
Then let's go where no one's ever been before.
Jaguar.
By Atari.
The only video game system
with 64 bits of mega power
for 64 bits
of awesome moves.
Mind-blowing graphics.